day four
thou in toil art comfort sweet Pleasant
coolness in the heat solace in the midst
of wrong
the gift of fortitude the gift of
fortitude by the gift of fortitude the
soul is strengthened against natural
fear and supported to the end in the
performance of duty fortitude in parts
to the will and impulse and energy which
move it to undertake without hesitancy
the most arduous tasks to face dangers
to trample underfoot human respect and
to endure without complaint the slow
martyrdom of even lifelong tribulation
he that shall persevere unto the end he
shall be saved
come o blessed spirit of fortitude
uphold my soul in time of trouble and
adversity sustain my efforts after
holiness strengthen my weakness give me
courage against all the assaults of my
enemies
that I may never be overcome and
separated from thee my God and greatest
good amen our Father who art in heaven
hallowed be thy name thy kingdom come
thy will be done on earth as it is in
heaven give us this day our daily bread
and forgive us our trespasses as we
forgive those who trespass against us
and lead us not into temptation but
deliver us from evil amen
hail Mary full of grace the Lord is with
thee blessed art thou amongst women and
blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus
Holy Mary Mother of God pray for us
sinners now and at the hour of our death
amen glory be to the Father and to the
Son and to the Holy Spirit as it was in
the beginning is now and ever shall be
world without end amen glory be to the
Father and to the Son and to the Holy
Spirit as it was in the beginning is now
and ever shall be world without end amen
glory be to the Father and
and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the
beginning is now and ever shall be world
without end amen glory be to the Father
and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit as
it was in the beginning is now and ever
shall be world without end amen
glory be to the Father and to the son
spirit as it was in the beginning is now
and ever shall be world without end amen
glory be to the Father and to the Son
and to the Holy Spirit as it was in the
beginning is now and ever shall be world
without end amen glory be to the Father
and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit as
it was in the beginning is now and ever
shall be world
on my knees before the great multitude
of heavenly witnesses I offer myself
soul and body to you Eternal Spirit of
God I adore the brightness of your
purity the unerring keenness of your
justice and the might of your love you
are the strength and light of my soul in
you I live
and an I desire never to grieve you by
unfaithfulness to grace and I pray with
all my heart to be kept from the
smallest sin against you mercifully
guard my every thought and grant that I
may
his watch for your light and listen to
your voice and follow your gracious
inspirations I cling to you and give
myself to you and ask you by your
compassion to watch over me in my
weakness holding the pierced feet of
Jesus and looking at his five wounds and
trusting in his precious blood and
adoring his open side and stricken heart
I implore adorable spirit helper of my
infirmity to keep me in your grace that
I may never sinned against you give me
grace O Holy Spirit spirit of the father
and son
to say to you always and
speak for your
Oh Lord Jesus Christ - before ascending
into heaven did promise to send the Holy
Spirit to finish your work in the souls
of your apostles and disciples deign to
grant the same holy spirit to me that he
may perfect in my soul the work of your
grace and your
grant me the spirit of wisdom that I may
despise the perishable things of this
world and aspire only after the things
that are eternal the spirit of
understanding to enlighten my mind with
the light of your divine truth the
spirit of counsel that I might ever
choose the surest way of pleasing God
and gaining heaven
the spirit of fortitude that I may bear
my cross with you and that I may
overcome with courage all the obstacles
that oppose my salvation the spirit of
knowledge that I may know God and know
myself and grow perfect in the science
of the saints the spirit of piety that I
may find the service of God sweet and
amiable and the spirit of fear
maybe filled with a loving reverence
towards God and made read in any way to
displease him mark me dear Lord with the
sign of your true disciples and animate
and all things with your spirit
you